Father hid his identity to approach you to protect you
I'm sure he told you
His father married another woman
That woman's son and father never got along
If they know of your existence
Your situation will become very dangerous
Sunan, the reason why I tell you this
It's because my father really likes it
He doesn't want to give up on you.
If what you say is true
Then the background information I investigated is very likely to be misleading
Who would do that?
Since that person can release the news
Realize that your purpose is to understand your relationship
To find out who's behind it
We can't hit the well with grass.
Sister, why are you here? I didn't let you
Tell me
Silly boy if I don't say
You two are divorced
I have something to do, so I'm leaving first
You two talk slowly
Sister, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have hidden my identity to approach you
But I promise you.
My feelings for you are genuine
It's not the kind of play they say
and
I didn't mean to hide my identity and get close to you
Sister can forgive me
You admit you're wrong.
Is your consciousness quite high?
Sister, have you forgiven me?